**Python Styling Guide**
When someone wants to make a change to the Python language, they write a Python Enhancement Proposal (PEP). One of the oldest PEPs is PEP 8, which instructs Python programmers on how to style their code. PEP 8 is fairly lengthy, but much of it relates to more complex coding structures than what you’ve seen so far.

- _Indentation_: PEP 8 recommends that you use four spaces per indentation level. Using four spaces improves readability while leaving room for multiple levels of indentation on each line.
- _Line Length_: Many Python programmers recommend that each line should be less than 80 characters. Historically, this guideline developed because most computers could fit only 79 characters on a single line in a terminal window.
- PEP 8 also recommends that you limit all of your comments to 72 characters per line, because some of the tools that generate automatic documentation for larger projects add formatting characters at the beginning of each commented line.
- _Blank Lines_: To group parts of your program visually, use blank lines. You should useblank lines to organize your files, but don’t do so excessively. For example, if you have five lines of code that build a list, and then another three lines that do something with that list, it’s appropriate to place a blank line between the two sections. However, you should not place three or four blank lines between the two sections. Blank lines won’t affect how your code runs, but they will affect the readability of your code. The Python interpreter uses horizontal indentation to interpret the meaning of your code, but it disregards vertical spacing.
